Hello my name is Zhenya and with you
turkish cook today we will cook with
you kurabie turkish turkish pastries
five minutes before it is very very fast
well what we need for this means
250 grams of margarine or butter
preferably room
temperature that's quick it so
we will cut ears
quickly but you understand if you have it
gently can not cut immediately rushes
so slegontsa
next we need three and a half 4
cups of flour and baking powder bag
Immediately mix the flour with baking powder through
fizichka so more comfortable hands personally and
now a little bit like that flour with
baking powder mix and add flour in
we send our oils here 1 cup
powdered sugar either
sugar and 1 yolk
we still need protein and now
Knead interfere Of course it's all with
using hands so quick and easy half way
Travel can see what you do
should get at least this yet
not all interfere further continue the hand already
tired but interfere
swing here and physical education at the same time
biceps and triceps and everything
everything works and that's all our dough is ready
and now we need protein from our egg
and nuts like this I ground them to
blender in general, now we take our
just take the dough so small
a ball to Lobachev just like that
less can be more who love how
dunk him
protein and that's so good our nuts
that's what we did and put on
baking tray
who have already prepared laid
baking paper and so all the dough here
what beauties turned out now I
send in the oven to 170 degrees to
preparations will look here and
ready bedroom about 25 minutes in the oven
and our kurabie ready I already
tried of course so gentle on
the taste is very very literally melting away
mouth
therefore, I also recommend this
simple and quick recipe
That's why nothing fancy no not
be afraid
if you do not know how to work with the dough, this is not
scary because here these probe
prepare tincture quickly so
it's just elementary so I wish everything
all bon appetit and also
please if you have any
recipes other kuraby can be what
then I do not know the resume of nko and something
be sure to write me below the video in
comments I will be very very you
grateful and immediately try them
make and shoot a video all hope that
this video was useful for you
so then put your thumbs up i will be very
glad to subscribe to my channel and we will
cook together now bye bye